[usbdev] Use inter-sig for non D+/D- signals and clean up use of "differential" (#11086)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/usbdev/doc/_index.md

For better receive sensitivity, lower transmit jitter and to be standard compliant, a dedicated, differential USB transceiver such as the [USB1T11A](https://www.mouser.com/datasheet/2/149/fairchild%20semiconductor_usb1t11a-320893.pdf) or the [USB1T20](https://www.onsemi.com/pub/Collateral/USB1T20-D.pdf) must be used (see Section 7.1.4.1 of the [USB 2.0 specification](https://www.usb.org/document-library/usb-20-specification)).
Depending on the selected USB transceiver, either the differential or the single-ended transmit and receive paths or a combination of the two can be used to interface the IP block with the transceiver.

> When prototyping on FPGAs (here the interface can be implemented with pseudo-differential 3.3V GPIO pins and an oversampling receiver for recovery of the bitstream and clock alignment), the differential signal pairs can be used with LVCMOS I/O buffers, driven as though they were single-ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When prototyping on FPGAs the interface can be implemented with pseudo-differential 3.3V GPIO pins for D+ and D-. The receiver will oversample to recover the bitstream and clock alignment even if there is considerable timing skew between the signal paths. The full speed transmit always uses LVCMOS output drivers (see USB 2.0 spec Figure 7-1 and Figure 7-3) but there are two possible encodings either the D+ and D- values are directly driven from tx_dp and tx_dn or there is a data value from tx_d and an indicator to force SE0 from tx_se0. 
```

|  External Pins | Internal Signals | Notes |
|----------------|------------------|-------|
| D+, D-         | dp_o, dn_o       | Differential data output, intended to go directly to pads for supported targets. On an FPGA, the components should be used with a USB transceiver, as the regular bidirectional I/O cells will likely not be USB compliant. |
| [Alt TX Data]  | se0_o            | Signal Single-Ended Zero (SE0) link state to a USB transceiver. |
| [Alt TX Data]  | d_o              | Single-ended data output for interfacing with a USB transceiver. Differential data output signals. These can be used to interface to regular IO cells for prototyping on an FPGA, but such an interface will probably not be USB compliant. A USB transceiver with a differential interface may also be used. |

> |   [TX Mode]    | tx_mode_se_o     | Indicates the selected TX mode: differential (0) or single-ended (1) operation. |

Reviewer: Change to "use dp_o, dn_o" and "use se0_o and d_o"

|  External Pins | Internal Signals | Notes |
|----------------|------------------|-------|

> | D+, D-         | dp_i, dn_i       | Differential data input signals, intended to go directly to pads for supported targets. These signals are used to detect the SE0 link state, and if a differential receiver is not present, they are also used for K and J symbols. On an FPGA, the components should be used with a USB transceiver, as the bidirectional regular IO cells will likely not be USB compliant. |

Reviewer: I do wonder how much we should go on about the regular cells being non-compliant, because they seem to work so well and this config is quite popular.
